Adobe Master Contract # CW2254945 Adobe Contract ID: CW2747267 Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No EXHIBIT A Project Assignment # under Consulting Agreement between Adobe Inc and LatentView Analytics Corporation dated 18th December 2025 Name of project: Document Cloud Product Analytics A. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT: Pursuant to and in conformance with any standards, guidelines and/or specifications which may be provided by Adobe to Consultant from time to time, Consultant shall provide a dedicated team to perform for Adobe the following goods, services and/or other items or materials as a work made for hire (collectively, the “Services”). Pursuant details: Adobe Systems India Pvt Ltd, A05 Sector 132, Noida 201304, India. GSTIN: 09AACCA2982J1ZG The offshore team would be based out of the Consultant facility in a SEZ unit at the following address: 5th Floor, Neville Building, Ramanujam IT City, Taramani, Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR) Chennai – 600113 Adobe will provide network access to consultants as required for performance of the Services described below. The working hours of the consultant shall be between 9:30 am to 7:00 pm in the above facility and would be available for telephonic discussion outside of these hours upon request from Adobe. All Services shall be treated as Adobe Confidential Information unless otherwise designated by Adobe. LatentView will support DC team for Document Cloud Product Analytics project in the following areas: ● Architect, build and maintain scalable automated data pipelines ground up. Be an expert of stitching and calibrating data across various data sources. ● Understand the scale and scope of key business questions that the team and stakeholders look at and design data platforms/tables that would help turn around the answers quickly and efficiently. ● Work with Adobe’s data ingestion, data platform and product teams to understand and validate instrumentation and data flow. ● Develop data set processes for data modeling, mining and production. ● Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures ● Support regular ad-hoc data querying and analysis to better understand customer behaviors. ● Understand, monitor, QA, translate, collaborate with business teams to ensure ongoing data quality. ● Assist the team in providing analytics and insights across Document Cloud Products and solutions. This will require pulling data from SQL databases (Databricks). The data will then be cleaned and processed into Excel/visualization tool deliverables, which will be reported on a weekly basis. B. TOTAL FEE: $ 163,200 to be paid in accordance with the Schedule of Work below. (NOTE: Unless otherwise authorized by Adobe Human Resources, Adobe does not agree to hourly fees.) Consultant will invoice Adobe for each milestone payment upon Adobe’s acceptance of the applicable Deliverable(s). Payment terms: net 60 days from the later of acceptance or receipt of invoice in Adobe Accounts Payable Department. GST will be charged at 18% if pursuant is in a non-SEZ zone. Consultant GSTIN: 33AABCL1463G1ZW. C. SCHEDULE OF WORK: Consultants will commence work on Nov 29th 2025 and end on Nov 27th 2026 in accordance with the following milestones. Adobe’s acceptance of each

accordance with the Schedule of Work below. (NOTE: Unless otherwise authorized by Adobe Human Resources, Adobe does not agree to hourly fees.) Consultant will invoice Adobe for each milestone payment upon Adobe’s acceptance of the applicable Deliverable(s). Payment terms: net 60 days from the later of acceptance or receipt of invoice in Adobe Accounts Payable Department. GST will be charged at 18% if pursuant is in a non-SEZ zone. Consultant GSTIN: 33AABCL1463G1ZW. C. SCHEDULE OF WORK: Consultants will commence work on Nov 29th 2025 and end on Nov 27th 2026 in accordance with the following milestones. Adobe’s acceptance of each deliverable will be in accordance with the terms of acceptance set forth below. Adobe Master Contract # CW2254945 Adobe Contract ID: CW2747267 Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No Milestone Number and Description of Deliverables* Due Date Payment # (1) Delivery of analytics services to the DC Product Analytics team 27-Feb-2026 $40,800 # (2) Delivery of analytics services to the DC Product Analytics team 29-May-2026 $40,800 # (3) Delivery of analytics services to the DC Product Analytics team 28-Aug-2026 $40,800 # (4) Delivery of analytics services to the DC Product Analytics team 27-Nov-2026 $40,800 *To be entitled to the final payment, Consultants must disclose with the final Deliverable all remaining Adobe Work Product pertaining to the Deliverables. D. ACCEPTANCE PROVISIONS: Consultant will perform testing and employ sufficient quality assurance standards to assure that the Deliverables provided to Adobe in accordance with the Schedule of Work above conform to mutually agreed upon requirements and any specifications, each as set forth in or attached to this Project Assignment. Any special testing and acceptance criteria or specifications for the Deliverables will be attached hereto. Each Deliverable must be submitted to Adobe for review and approval prior to acceptance by Adobe. Adobe may test each release of the Deliverables and communicate acceptance or rejection within 5 days of submission of deliverables. If no communication from Adobe is received within 5 days, the deliverables are deemed to be accepted. If any release of the Deliverables fails to conform to the applicable requirements or specifications, or in the event that Consultant fails to provide the Deliverables in accordance with the Schedule of Work above, Adobe will notify Consultant in writing, and Consultant will have an additional 10 calendar days (or some other period of time as agreed in writing by Adobe) (the “Correction Period”) to correct, modify or deliver the Deliverables. If the Deliverables fail to meet the requirements or specifications at the end of the Correction Period, then, at Adobe’s option, (1) the Correction Period may be extended for a period determined by Adobe, (2) Adobe may terminate this Project Assignment and return the applicable Deliverables, and Consultant will refund to Adobe any consideration previously given to Consultant relating to the Applicable Deliverable under the Agreement, or (3) Adobe may supply, correct or complete the Applicable Deliverable item and either deduct an amount equal to Adobe’s fully-burdened costs (including without limitation direct internal labor and fringe benefits

deliver the Deliverables. If the Deliverables fail to meet the requirements or specifications at the end of the Correction Period, then, at Adobe’s option, (1) the Correction Period may be extended for a period determined by Adobe, (2) Adobe may terminate this Project Assignment and return the applicable Deliverables, and Consultant will refund to Adobe any consideration previously given to Consultant relating to the Applicable Deliverable under the Agreement, or (3) Adobe may supply, correct or complete the Applicable Deliverable item and either deduct an amount equal to Adobe’s fully-burdened costs (including without limitation direct internal labor and fringe benefits and any sums, including royalties, paid to third parties) from any payments due to Consultant or receive a refund from Consultant for such costs up to the total amount paid by Adobe hereunder. Adobe Master Contract # CW2254945 Adobe Contract ID: CW2747267 Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No E. INFORMATION STANDARDS: If Consultant will process or store any Confidential Information in any manner, Consultant will comply with the Information Security requirements set forth in the Information Security and Privacy Requirements currently available at: www.adobe.com/content/dam/Adobe/en/legal/terms/enterprise/pdfs/2013/Information_Security_and_Privacy_ Requirements.pdf Consultant has read, understands and will comply with the Adobe Commercial Email Guidelines currently available at: http://www.adobe.com/content/dam/Adobe/en/legal/documents/CommercialEmailGuidelinesForURL.pdf Each party agrees that the electronic signatures, whether digital or encrypted, of the parties included in this Agreement are intended to authenticate this writing and to have the same force and effect as handwritten ink signatures. Electronic signature means any electronic symbol or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by a party with the intent to sign such record, including facsimile or e-mail electronic signatures. ADOBE SYSTEMS INDIA PVT LTD LATENTVIEW ANALYTICS LTD Authorized Signature Authorized Signature Print Name Print Name Title Title Date Date Cost Build-up to Support Fixed Bid Pricing LatentView Project: SOW for Document Cloud Product Analytics Team Role Role Location Estimated Hours for Project Hourly Rate Total Cost Offshore Data Analyst India 1,920 $ 42.5 $81,600 Offshore Data Analyst India 1,920 $ 42.5 $81,600 Subtotal $ 163,200Pankaj SinhaSr Director - Head of Shared Services Operations02/03/2026Mahalakshmi Nageswaran (Feb 3, 2026 07:27:44 PST) Mahalakshmi NageswaranMahalakshmi NageswaranBusiness Head - BET02/03/2026